hey guys welcome to make it midnight
morning anyway so my package came in and
it point and it feels right so I'm going
to put this video tomorrow but I want to
show you what your tears and gigs right
there because he wants to see it too now
the demonstration yeah that's a very
good morning yeah Billy King and
apparently our suction cups on it oh
yeah what's up no okay you so much this
is s alright no one has to stuff on the
other sir hahaha and no not yet just put
your phone on it first or in it over a
little cuckoo whoa it's not on the back
though this is really small Jesus hey
baby turn on your phone
take off the stuff break it okay okay so
follow me and I will show you what this
a new journeys alright are you ready
okay wait hold on Hong Kong how much
each other no no i phone oh ok forget
where is she damage ok OMG look its
suction cup huh I want to put on my
phone I'm turtle hey all right Mac on ah
hey I'm just doing it hey you all my
door dude look you're moving you stuck
it hold on i think i'm going to put it
on more good and you are I TV don't look
at my limbs it's terrible hey you ready
they take a shower make
can you see me don't put the camera down
bored get off my level dude I gotta go
case let's go hmm and so it's next day
and my goal case works really well it
didn't like I dropped it like 20 times I
think you ain't quite right screen the
thingamabob ER and again this is not
sponsored not sponsored no bueno and now
Jimmy does for place ride out like the
very calm around things I knew and above
go to stay with your heart